Because there haven't been any commits since last week, my comments will be pretty light.

This language is awesome. I think you've done a great job of making something that actually works, and it was fun to see it in action in class. I really like your intended next step of getting all of the controls (switches? I'm not sure what they're called) spatially close to one another. At some level, it's not mission critical that you do it. At the same time, though, it would make the generated circuits much easier to use becuse the player wouldn't have to walk around as much to manipulate a circuit (as you've mentioned). Regardless of whether that feature works itself in, though, it seems pretty clear that the project can be considered a success.

As we discussed in class, I think your implementation could be made a bit simpler by unifying the Python code and the shell scripts. Because prompting for input can easily be done in Python, I think there would be a certain appeal to having the entire implementation self-contained in one language. Furthermore, (and I don't know if this is in your plans for the final week or not), I think it would be useful to add some comments to the code or factor out some helper functions. As is, the functions are reasonably long, so some comments to clarify their purpose (and to explain major segments) would really help. Plus, making the code seem more approachable would increase the likelihood that someone comes along and contributes to the project in the future (which would be pretty cool).

Also, as a brief nitpick, I'd change the constants in the implementation (`and_sym`, `or_sym`, and the like) to all caps so that it is abundantly clear they are constants.
